[SPARK-55614][BUILD] Add AGENTS.MD (#54387)
apache/spark: AGENTS.md

> # Apache Spark

Reviewer: Can we somehow link https://github.com/apache/spark/blob/master/docs/building-spark.md and https://github.com/apache/spark/blob/master/python/docs/source/development/testing.rst instead of duplicating it?

> This file provides context and guidelines for AI coding assistants working with the Apache Spark codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file provides context and guidelines for AI agents working with the Apache Spark codebase.
```
